Form #1 - Joke




Knock, knock. Who's there? Someone's head or my mother’s. Someone’s head, somewhere. (Laughter.)


* Interesting because the program somehow recognized the (laughter) element that could be standard in a joke format. 


Why did the chicken cross the road? What was the cause for worry? These are all signs that her mind was
made up of several things that she wanted to happen. And she needs to focus on strengthening
her mind and body so that when she gets her period she will be better able to deal with the
Situation.


* I enjoyed the existentialism of this joke, and that somehow it poked fun at a fairly usual joke-y subject, periods haha.


Form #2 - Commercial




For a limited time only. If you like watching TV then you can ALL be wearing the King Power T-Shirt. Want to look like a fool to
everyone? Don’t be a fool. 


* I liked how the program somehow developed a product name based off of this prefix, “King Power T-Shirt.”


For 3 payments of $99.99,  you get 3 days worth of vacation, a
$1500 15 mile walking trial run and access to the internet for free. I
am exaggerating. It really is that easy. just download the free trial and sign up for
a trial account. Then, if you get the five day contract, you can continue on your
trial and continue on your life as you wish, with or without an annual fee.”


* The longer length I used with this sample helped to achieve that neverending sales talk that’s common in commercials. I also liked that it was both easy and difficult to get the 3 days worth of vacation. 












Process, Form #1 - Joke


Prefix: Why did the Chicken cross the road?


Output Example #1 - longer length, standard 0.7 temperature.


Why did the chicken cross the road? What was her reason? What was her attitude? What was her attitude when she felt she had no
outside reason to feel the need to push the button? These are all lessons that she
learned by having exercise, drinking beer and talking to people. After taking these
problems and examining them often, she came to the conclusion that she was
having a hard time controlling her actions. After looking into
the eyes of the tyrant, and having a look that said 'You
are an idiot! You’re so full of themselves!' she decided to
take the opportunity to kill herself.


Output Example #2 - shorter length and 0.8 temperature


Why did the chicken cross the road? What was the cause for worry? These are all signs that her mind was
made up of several things that she wanted to happen. And she needs to focus on strengthening
her mind and body so that when she gets her period she will be better able to deal with the
Situation.








Prefix : Knock Knock, Who’s there? 


Output Example #1 - temperature 0.8, length 250. Curated from the first “stanza” if you will from the 250 output.


Knock Knock. Who's there? I
Am In Love. I Know It. It’s Hot. And It GIVES ME A MOMENT OF DANCE.


Output Example #2 - Changed length & temp.


Knock, knock. Who's there? Someone's head or my mother’s. Someone’s head, somewhere. (Laughter.) 


Prefix: Oh yeah? Well your momma’s so


Output Example #1 - shorter length, higher temp


Oh yeah? Well your momma's so         well organized that sometimes you have to get out of her sight box as she
         clutches away whatever is small or cluttered around her in her life. It’s
         okay if she doesn’t do it quickly enough. But she’s
         going to get it done quickly enough that she doesn’t need the
         Clutter.








Commercial:


Prefix - For a limited time only


Output Example #1-


           Spend less than what you make


          Quit occupation: for one day at a time


          Quit career: for 15 months


I have asked myself many times what I really want out of life and so far my ideal
picture of life balance involves:


           My family life        •My time being evenly split between work/projects that are
                creatively fulfilling and spending quality time with my child


            My home and my own space and my own priorities


            My car and my lifestyle


            My dog and its owner


            My job and its support groups


           “Watching other people’s children’s’s children’s children’s






Output Example #2 - higher temperature, curated from the first paragraph of a 250 length output.


For a limited time only. If you like watching TV then you can ALL be wearing the King Power T-Shirt. Want to look like a fool to
everyone? Don’t be a fool. 


Output Example #3 - For a limited time only you can get your bottle opener. For the rest of us it will
be a no brainer.
Output Example #3 - (Changed temp & length) - 


For a limited time only,     you can get a VERY good feeling for what your life will be like, by spending only


        A few hours at a time, by spending time with my loved ones and
        friends, and by spending time with myself.




Prefix - For 3 payments of $99.99, 


Output Example #1 - 


For 3 payments of $99.99,  you get 3 days worth of vacation, a
$1500 15 mile walking trial run and access to the internet for free. I
am exaggerating. It really is that easy. just download the free trial and sign up for
a trial account. Then, if you get the five day contract, you can continue on your
trial and continue on your life as you wish, with or without an annual fee.”